Small updates to custom mutations page (#2128)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/guides/custom-mutations.md

# Custom Mutations

> Out of the box KeystoneJS provides predictable CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations for [Lists](/guides/schema#lists). These generated GraphQL queries and mutations are the primary method for updating data in a List and should be enough for most application requirements. However custom types, queries and mutations may be required if you wish to preform non-CRUD operations or actions that don't relate to a specific List.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of the box KeystoneJS provides predictable CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations for [Lists](/guides/schema#lists). The generated GraphQL queries and mutations are the primary method for updating data in a List. 

They should be enough for most applications. However, custom types, queries and mutations may be added if you wish to preform non-CRUD operations.
```

> Adding custom types, queries and mutations to Keystone's generated schema can be done using the [`keystone.extendGraphQLSchema`](/keystonejs/keystone/#extendgraphqlschemaconfig) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding to Keystone's generated schema can be done using the [`keystone.extendGraphQLSchema`](/keystonejs/keystone/#extendgraphqlschemaconfig) method.
```

# Custom Mutations

Out of the box KeystoneJS provides predictable CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations for [Lists](/guides/schema#lists). The generated GraphQL queries and mutations are the primary method for updating data in a List. 

> They should be enough for most applications. However, custom types, queries and mutations may be added if you wish to preform non-CRUD operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatically generated GraphQL API should be enough for most applications. However, custom types, queries and mutations may be added if you wish to preform non-CRUD operations.
```
